You are not good at Wuhu
Wild dogs should be beaten if they are not familiar with them
Kneel down and beg for mercy
It's up to you to beat me.
Received
These years
Isn't my Su tiger too cute?
Giving a bitch and talking nonsense
Why should big brother be angry?
This trash
clear vision
I really thought that kneeling down could become a confrontation
Lord Tiger leans against the red eyes
Zhao Jie Zhao is always the underground emperor of his parents
The Jiangcheng aristocratic family has to give him more than three points to destroy
How would he know?
He is afraid that he can't even get in the far door.
Mr. Lu
I have ordered
Hengyuan as a director
Zhao Jie reprepares the dinner for you
You see Hengyuan Group
Stinky woman, that's all you have
Hahaha Hengyuan Group
Jiangcheng Leading Enterprise
Lord Tiger, please forgive us.
We would like to be slaves
Kneel down, little brat
Dad go
The former snake is a Sioux tiger
Even if Zhao Jie comes today
He didn't dare to make me kneel down
How dare you call Mr. Zhao by his first name?
Haha, today's young people
Do you really not know that the sky is high and the earth is thick?
No reverence for the world
Let me show you today
Such a person introduced me to high society
You have lost your children and grandchildren, you still dare to be arrogant
Hahaha
What about training domestic slaves?
You can't just play and
And destroy his spiritual world
Is your family still blessed?
Master, forgive me
Hahahaha
In three minutes.
Don't let the Lu family have nothing
Ten million in debt